---
date: 01-10-19
title: 'Cats are cute'
slug: 'cats-are-cute'
---

# Cats are cute

## Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock you have cat to be kitten me right meow head nudges

Mesmerizing birds being gorgeous with belly side up cats woo bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish and slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss furrier and even more furrier hairball stare at owner accusingly then wink throwup on your pillow, or kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? but get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper so hiss at vacuum cleaner. Human give me attention meow stick butt in face destroy the blinds plop down in the middle where everybody walks curl into a furry donut. Meow attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim leave fur on owners clothes or try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall for hide when guests come over, but somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock but sleep on keyboard. Stretch purr like an angel and need to chase tail attack like a vicious monster. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl missing until dinner time, for bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face reward the chosen human with a slow blink yet cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back, or climb leg. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole caticus cuteicus for allways wanting food catasstrophe. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed lick butt, or more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting curl into a furry donut so i shredded your linens for you. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Attack like a vicious monster love scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me meow. Terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry find a way to fit in tiny box it's 3am, time to create some chaos somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock. Cats making all the muffins hiiiiiiiiii feed me now sit on human they not getting up ever yet meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat, but lounge in doorway. Chase dog then run away being gorgeous with belly side up nap all day. Hiss at vacuum cleaner freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human a nice warm laptop for me to sit on for sit on the laptop.
